[MOB-6374]: import docs discrepancy (#211)
Iterable/iterable-web-sdk: README.md

But there are few features which the SDK adds so that you can customize how you'd like links to behave:

> First, the [`handleLinks` option](#getInAppMessages) within the `getInAppMessages` call will allow you to either open all links in a new tab, the same tab, or ensure that external links open in a new tab, while internal ones keep the experience within the same tab. So for example, this code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, the `handleLinks` option provided by [`getInAppMessages`](#getInAppMessages) allows you to specify how the SDK opens links: in the current tab, in a new tab, or a combination (external links in a new tab, internal links in the current tab). For example, this code:
```

@mprew97 / @pauljung14  It isn't clear to me based on the text here how these options work — if links open in a new tab, do they open in the _same_ new tab? Or multiple new tabs?

Author: i would have to mess with the `open-all-new-tab` option to clarify. For the sake of this PR, we should just roll with this change and I'll cut a separate issue to look into that behavior.
